docs: add doc for ci statuses (#3843)
electron/electronjs.org: docs/ci-status.md

# CI Status across Website Infrastructure

> That document contains the badges of CI statuses, you can see the checks for default CI builds and builds what is run by scheduled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document contains status badges for all CI tasks related to [electronjs.org](https://electronjs.org). See status checks for default CI builds as well as scheduled cron jobs.
```
